make warn_deprecated_hint_without_locality AsError (#16004)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/08-vernac-commands-and-options/16004-pr-Alizter-16004.rst

- **Changed:**
  :cmd:`Hint` and :cmd:`Instance` commands with no locality attribute are
  deprecated. Previous versions generated a warning, but this version generates

>   an error. This includes all `Hint` commands described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  an error by default. This includes all `Hint` commands described in
```

  :ref:`creating_hints`, :cmd:`Hint Rewrite`, and :cmd:`Instance`. As mentioned
  in the error, please add an explicit locality to the hint command. The default

>   was #[:attr:`global``], but we recommend using #[:attr:`export`] where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  was #[:attr:`global`], but we recommend using #[:attr:`export`] where
```

- **Changed:**
  `Hint` (and `Instance`) commands with no locality attribute are deprecated.

>   Previous versions would raise a warning, but now this has been changed to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previous versions generated a warning, but this version generates an
```

  error. This includes:
  - All `Hint` commands.
  - `Hint Rewrite`

>   - `Instance`

Reviewer: You could hyperlink, e.g. ``` :cmd:`Hint Rewrite` ``` for the 2 commands and a link to the section for All Hint commands

>   As mentioned in the error mentioned, please add an explicit locality to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As mentioned in the error, please add an explicit locality to the
```

>   hint command. The legacy default was #[global], but #[export] is recommended

Reviewer: Could hyperlink to the attributes, e.g. ``` :attr:`global` ```

>   hint command. The legacy default was #[global], but #[export] is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  hint command. The default was #[global], but we recommend using #[export]
```

Could hyperlink to the attributes, e.g. ``` :attr:`global` ```

>   instead

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
  where possible
```

- **Changed:**

>   Hint locality deprecations now raise an error

Reviewer 2: I think that such a breaking change deserves a longer changelog. You should put some blinking warning somewhere stating that this is very backwards incompatible.
